1. Before diving into trying to build the actual survey form, spend a little time thinking and making notes about what kind of information you want to gather.

a) What kind of customer data will be useful to the restaurant? How will they want to
use that customer information?
- Direct customer feedback, starting a loyalty program/offering perks to frequent customers

b) You’re a customer – what kind of feedback would you want to give? What things are
unique to this restaurant that you might ask about?
- Seasonal drinks are nice to try and have a lot of great unique flavors, I prefer tea over coffee so having a lot of tea options is amazing. Where they source their products from? What is the average time to make drinks per customers during rush?

c) What kind of questions might yield useful information that could help shape the
direction of the new customer reward program?
- Their card information that is linked to the system to track purchases, wanting to apply for the reward system in general, not asking the correct questions.

d) How long should the survey be? Consider that typing text responses takes longer
than choosing multiple choice options. How does that impact what questions you
ask?
-It should be short and concise questions so customers can easily answer them. Starting out with what multiple choice drinks (coffee/tea) and what style drink for short answer, flavors can be multiple choice since this is a coffee shop that has limited selections based on season. This ensures that if I were to write a survey, that I need the questions to be concise enough that it gives me a lot of information.



Turning the tables

11. We’ve now got a bunch of surveys that we need to generate sample responses for.
Luckily, we also have a whole class full of people! Please start clicking into your
classmates’ shared surveys. Review the description provided, and imagine that you
are a customer of this restaurant. Then reply to the questions as a customer might.


a) You can choose how you respond to the questions. Are you a happy customer?
Was there anything wrong with your order, or was everything great? Are you a
frequent customer here, or is this your first time visiting?
- I'm neutral only because I have high standards for coffee shops. The products could've been better, the drinks were too sweet and the food tasted stale. This is my first time.


b) For any questions asking for email / phone number / address (or other personally
identifiable information), please feel free to make up any information you like.
- No, they didn't ask for any personal information. They only asked if I would be interested in a reward system.


c) If you need inspiration on how to respond, try checking out the restaurant’s website
or reviews on Google or Yelp.


12. As you take each survey, make notes for yourself with your feedback on how the
survey was written.

a) Were there any questions you particularly liked? Anything you thought was
confusing?
- I did like how there were different variations of the reward system. Like how they phrased it or just gave some options to choose from, to be more appealing to answer.

b) Was there something you wished you had come up with?
- I think phrasing the questions better would've benefited me in the long run.

c) Do you have any suggestions for how you might frame a question differently? Or
follow-up questions that might be helpful to include?
- I think I would've tried to keep it more straight forward but also tried to limit any room for interpretation. I would've probably gave a better thank you message as well.